Terms of use  Pixellogo.com License Agreement1. IMPORTANT INFORMATIONPlease read carefully the following terms and conditions. Purchase or use of our products implies that the following terms and conditions have been read and accepted. 2. LICENSEPixel Logo grants you a nonexclusive limited license to use the web templates and other products sold on Pixellogo.com (the "products") in accordance with these Terms and Conditions (the "license") issued by Pixellogo.com.a) LIMITED USAGE GRANTEDClients may only use each individual logo for a single project, belonging to either them or their respective client. Clients have to purchase same logo once more in order to make another project with the same design.b) MODIFICATIONSClients are authorized to make any necessary modification(s) to our products, after purchase, to fit their purposes.c) UNAUTHORIZED USEClients may not place any of Pixellogo.com products, modified or unmodified, on a diskette, CD, website or any other medium and offer them for redistribution or resale of any kind without prior written consent from Pixellogo.com.d) ASSIGNABILITYClients may not sub-license, assign, or transfer this license to anyone else without prior written consent from Pixellogo.com.e) OWNERSHIP Clients may not claim intellectual or exclusive ownership to any of Pixellogo.com products, modified or unmodified. All products are property of Pixellogo.com, unless the products is bought exclusively from Pixellogo.com as specified on our end user license agreement.f) REFUND AND EXCHANGE POLICYPixellogo.com products are digital files, hence there are no means to physically "return" the product for a refund or exchange. Therefore we do not grant refunds. However, we will replace a damaged file with the same file, if such a request is made. Our products are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall Pixellogo.com be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or other losses arising out of the use of or inability to use our products. 